# LGBT YouthLine/Rainbow Warriors
## Iteration 02 - Review & Retrospect

 * When: March 9, 2019
 * Where: BA 3175

## Process - Reflection

#### Decisions that turned out well

 * Choose to draw flow chart before coding. Flow chart help us to see each pages relation more clearly.
 * Assign work in detail to each group member. This improve our work efficiency a lot, each member have clear idea what they need to do.
 * Assign front-end work for 4 team members. IOS app is front-end heavy and for this iteration, the back-end does not have too much work.


#### Decisions that did not turn out as well as we hoped

 * It is hard to merge different projects. 
 * To deploy the iOS app on iPhone, we need to register apple developer id and apply a certification, which turn out we don't have time to do it at last.
 * Back-end group members had little work to do.

#### Planned changes
 
* Since we are developing an iOS App, we must use XCode as our IDE, but projects generated by XCode are not merge-able, so we will let one person to create the project file in XCode and done all the necessary configration, after that no other should touch the file. Each group member (Shiqi Lin, Yecheng Song, Yuting Shao, Baijiang Yuan) will be assigned to working under the main view controller on different pages(Login, Home, Resources, Event, User) of the app.

## Product - Review

#### Goals and/or tasks that were met/completed:

 * iOS front-end app which has basically finished layout (working buttoms and navigation inside app) with some hard-coded local data for demo.
 * Data structure for back-end is confirmed.

#### Goals and/or tasks that were planned but not met/completed:

 * iOS App do not deploy yet. We under-estimate difficulty to deploy iOS App, we do not have enough time to deploy it.
 * didn't implement login page.

## Meeting Highlights
 
* First, we need to write the internal data fetching logic for the front-end. For now, our mobile app only use data pre-stored on local to demo the GUI. To make it a read working front-end, we still need to finish the fetching logic, how the program package the "get" json request and how the program decode the json from server.
* Second, we need to design our Admin page GUI for the back-end. Admin page is important to the app owner, owner will need to use the admin page to manage the resources, event and userdata in the back-end database.
* Third, we need to write the back-end internal logic to handle data get and post request. This the core of back-end, to process all the request from front-end and back-end admin page. Receive data from admin page and store it into database, obtain data from database and send it front-end.
* Fourth, try to combine the front-end and back-end together and debug.
